Add `quote_identifiers` parameter to `unpivot` to handle case-sensitive column names (#792)
dbt-labs/dbt-utils: README.md

- `remove`: A list of columns to remove from the resulting table.
- `field_name`: column name in the resulting table for field
- `value_name`: column name in the resulting table for value

> - `quote_identifiers` (optional, default=`False`): will encase selected columns and aliases in double quotes (`"field_name" as "field_name"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quote_identifiers` (optional, default=`False`): will encase selected columns and aliases in quotes according to your adapter's implementation of `adapter.quote` (e.g. `"field_name" as "field_name"`).
```
